[CORE-10007] Add note about Windows Openshift support to relevant pages (#1160)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/getting-started/install-on-clusters/windows-calico/manual-install/openshift-installation.mdx

:::note

> {{prodnameWindows}} is currently not supported by versions of Openshift later than v4.5, as there is no more official support of the Windows Machine Config Bootstrapper binary (wmcb.exe) and now windows machines are added to the clusters via the Red Hat Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO). WMCO does not correctly recognize Calico networking in the cluster, and thus OpenShift v4.6+ does not properly support {{prodnameWindows}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{prodnameWindows}} supports Openshift versions only up to 4.5 because OpenShift v4.6+ does not properly support {{prodnameWindows}} at this time. Specifically, OpenShift v4.6+ does not support the Windows Machine Config Bootstrapper binary (wmcb.exe), and the Red Hat Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO) for adding Windows machines to clusters, does not correctly recognize Calico networking in the cluster. 
```
